# WoT Testing - June 2020 Online Plugfest 
## Data Capture

During the plugfest, data should be captured in CSV files so that we can
generate a report.  The following types of data should be captured.  Each
type of data has a CSV template which should be used and a subdirectory to
collect contributions.  To avoid merge conflicts, each organization should
set up a subdirectory for their own contributions during the plugfest, then
these will be merged into a single CSV file after the plugfest.

* [TD validation](validation): Validation results for each TD will be recorded
  here. These results combine both automatic and manual validation data.
  Manual assertions should be provided using the 
  [provided manual assertion template](../manual.csv) and placed alongside
  the TD is it documenting in the [TD archive](../TDs).
* [Implementations](impl): Information on each implementation should be
  recorded here, using the [provided template](impl/template.csv).
  Multiple subdirectories may be used, the CSV files will all be concatenated.
* [Interoperability tests](interop): When it has been confirmed that
  two implementations work together, that fact should be noted
  here using the [provided template](interop/template.csv).
  Multiple subdirectories may be used, the CSV files will all be 
  concatenated.
  
## Scripts

* **validate.sh**:  
  Run to validate all TDs in the [TD archive](../TDs) and generate CSV data
  for feature support.  Output CSVs for automatically tested features for each TD 
  will be in [validation/auto](validation/auto), while final result files
  with manual assertions merged will be in [validation/merged](validation/merged).
  Errors will be logged to [validation/errors.log](validation/errors.log).  See 
  [the README in the TD archive](../TDs/README.md) for instructions on how to arrange and
  name TDs.  Manual assertions for each TD may optionally be placed in 
  a CSV file with the same name as the TD in the [TD archive](validation/manual)
  as well.  Use [the manual template](../manual.csv) for such assertions.
* **report.sh**: (WIP) After running validation, run this script to generate
  the plugfest implementation report. The output report will be placed in
  [report.html](report.html).  Do not edit this file manually, as it will be
  overwritten each time the script is run.  If you need to edit the text,
  modify the [report template](templates/report.html).

Note: It might make more sense to move ALL templates to the [templates](templates) directory.
This would make the scripts simpler too.

