# WoT March 2022 Plugfest/Testfest
See [../README.md](../README.md)
To do: reorganize so instructions for TDs specifically go here.
* Results is for the output of automatic testing, and will also merge in manual results;
  don't do PRs against here since tools may delete things in this directory.

## Guideline on how to fill manual.csv

The [manual.csv](https://github.com/w3c/wot-thing-description/blob/main/testing/manual.csv) for the TD needs to be filled by each implementation that is implementing the TD standard.
The value of Status should be filled with one of the following values:

- `null`: This is the default value. It means that you do not know if your implementation implements this or not or it means that it is not applicable. Example: A pure Thing implementation should have this value for `client-data-schema`.
- `pass`: Your implementation implements this assertion correctly. 
- `fail`: Your implementation implements this assertion wrongly. Your consumer implementation assumes the value `application/pdf` when it does not see `contentType` in a form. Thus, it fails `td-default-contentType`.
- `not-impl`: You understand the assertion and it applies to your implementation but it is not implemented. Example: The TDs generated by your implementation does not indicate the language of the human readable text, so `td-ns-multilanguage-content-negotiation` is not implemented.


Some assertions might be difficult to understand without the surrounding text. Thus, make sure to have the [TD specification](https://w3c.github.io/wot-thing-description/#) open and do text searches for two or three words of the assertion. DO NOT do a full text search since formatting might change what the text looks like when rendered. An alternative would be to open [index.html](https://github.com/w3c/wot-thing-description/blob/main/index.html) on GitHub and do searches for the assertion id.

**Note:** If you have filled this file for the last implementation report, you can find a diff [here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/w3c/wot-testing/blob/egekorkan-patch-1/events/2022.03.Online/TD/manual-diff.html) and your old files should be available at the same level as [this node-wot one](https://github.com/w3c/wot-testing/blob/main/events/testfest/2019-03-online/inputs/Siemens/siemens-node-wot.csv)

### How to quickly go through this file

Depending on whether you have a Consumer or Thing implementation, you can skip a lot of the assertions. If you implementation does both, you should ideally fill everything. Here are items you can **skip** depending on your implementation type (note that line numbers can change over time):

For Consumer implementations:

- Lines 1-2 with ids that start with `binding`
- Lines 13-15 with ids that start with `server`
- Lines 47-49 with ids that start with `td-json`
- Lines 56-59 with ids that start with `td-security`
- Lines 61-66 with ids that start with `tm`

For Thing implementations:
- Lines 20-42 with ids that start with `default`
- Lines 4-7 with ids that start with `client`
